# 3fa59589a91bf4913703ba0eedd08faa128948285b8a9d085bd7422248abe6c5.pdf

- page_count: 24

## Page 1

SECURITIES REGULATIONS

Consolidated Version No. 2
In force on 08 March 2024

## Page 2

SECURITY REGULATIONS
i
CONTENTS
1.
INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................... 1
1.1
Application and Interpretation ...........................................................................................................................1
1.2
References to writing .........................................................................................................................................1
2.
REGISTRAR RULES ..................................................................................................................... 1
2.1
Application ........................................................................................................................................................1
2.2
Effectiveness of Filing Application ...................................................................................................................1
2.3
Approved Forms ................................................................................................................................................2
2.4
Refusal to permit Filings ...................................................................................................................................2
2.5
Delivery and file date and time stamp ...............................................................................................................2
2.6
Errors of the Filing Office Registrar ..................................................................................................................3
2.7
Refusal errors ....................................................................................................................................................3
2.8
Nature of Registrar's duties and responsibilities ................................................................................................4
2.9
Search requests ..................................................................................................................................................5
2.10
Electronic Filing ................................................................................................................................................5
2.11
Notices and notifications ...................................................................................................................................5
APPENDIX 1 APPROVED FORMS .......................................................................................................... 6
APPENDIX 2 FEES ................................................................................................................................... 21

## Page 3

SECURITY REGULATIONS
1
The Board of directors of the DIFC, in the exercise of the powers conferred on them by Part 12 of the Law of Security,
hereby make these Regulations.
1.
INTRODUCTION
1.1
Application and Interpretation
1.1.1
These Regulations (SR) apply to any person to whom the Law applies.
1.1.2
Defined terms are identified throughout these Regulations by the capitalisation of the initial letter of a word or
phrase. Where capitalisation of the initial letter is not used, an expression has its natural meaning, subject to
Regulation 1.1.4.
1.1.3
The following defined terms have the meaning given below:
1.1.4
All other defined terms have the same meaning they have under the Security Law except where the context
otherwise requires.
1.1.5
The Rules of interpretation in the Law apply to these Regulations.
1.2
References to Writing
1.2.1
If a provision in these Regulations refers to a communication, notice, agreement of other document “in writing”
then, unless the contrary intention appears, it means in legible form and capable of being reproduced on paper,
irrespective of the medium used. Expressions related to writing must be interpreted accordingly.
1.2.2
Regulation 1.2.1 does not affect any other legal requirements which may apply in relation to the form or manner
of executing a document or agreement.
2.
REGISTRAR RULES
2.1
Application
2.1.1
This Regulation 2 applies in respect of any matter in relation to which the Law or these Regulations prescribe a
requirement to file a communication, including:
(a)
a registration statement;
(b)
an amendment to a registration statement;
(c)
a continuation statement; and
(d)
a termination statement.
2.2
Effectiveness of Filing Application
2.2.1
A Filing is to be effected by submitting the relevant Approved Form prescribed pursuant to Regulation 2.3 with
the Registrar.
2.2.2
Filings may be made in paper format. The Registrar may in his discretion allow Filings to be made by means of
electronic communications, subject to Regulation 2.10.
2.2.3
A filer is responsible for ensuring a form or other communication is fully and accurately completed and submitted
in accordance with the Law and these Regulations.
Defined Term
Definition
Approved Form
has the meaning set out in Regulation 2.3.2
Filing
a filing made or to be made with the Registrar
Law
Law of Security DIFC Law No. 4 of 2024

## Page 4

SECURITY REGULATIONS
2
2.3
Approved Forms
2.3.1
Pursuant to Article 141 of the Law of Security, the DIFCA hereby promulgates the following forms:
(a)
Financing Statement (Form 1);
(b)
Financing Statement Amendment – Encumbered Asset Change (Form 2);
(c)
Financing Statement Amendment – Encumbered Asset Restatement (Form 3);
(d)
Financing Statement Amendment (Form 4);
(e)
Financing Statement Amendment – Party Details (Form 5);
(f)
Correction Statement (Form 6); and
(g)
Information Request (Form 7),
each as set out in Appendix 1, as amended from time to time.
2.3.2
Each form promulgated under Regulation 2.3.1 and each form deemed by the Registrar, in his sole discretion, to
be substantially similar to a form promulgated under Regulation 2.3.1, shall be an Approved Form.
2.3.3
In the event of any conflict between any instruction on any Approved Form and any provision in these
Regulations or any provision in the Law, the provision in the Law or these Regulations shall prevail.
2.3.4
A filer must ensure that any Approved Form it submits to the Registrar is duly completed in full and in
accordance with any instructions or notes to such Approved Form, and accompanied by such other supporting
documents and fee payment as may be prescribed.
2.4
Refusal to permit Filings
2.4.1
The Registrar may refuse to permit a Filing where, in his opinion, the communication submitted:
(a)
is not on an Approved Form;
(b)
has not been correctly completed;
(c)
is ambiguous, illegible or incomplete;
(d)
is not suitable for the purposes of registration or Filing; or
(e)
is not accompanied by the fee prescribed by the Registrar for processing such communication.
2.4.2
The Registrar may treat any name, address, file number, or other matter as not having been provided in a
communication if such name, address, file number, or other matter is not set out in the appropriate space provided
on an Approved Form.
2.4.3
Nothing in this Regulation 2.4 shall be construed as prohibiting a filer from including an exhibit, schedule or
other attachment that is not on an Approved Form as part of a communication, provided that the appropriate
Approved Form is used as the first page of such written communication.
2.4.4
Where practicable the Registrar must notify a filer of his refusal in writing within five business days of the day
on which the Filing would otherwise have occurred under Regulation 2.5.4.
2.4.5
A notification under Regulation 2.4.4 must include grounds for the refusal.
2.5
Delivery and file date and time stamp
2.5.1
The Registrar will accept written communications for Filing, subject to the provisions in this Regulation 2.5.
2.5.2
The Registrar will accept written communications only during the regular business hours of the Security Registry.

## Page 5

SECURITY REGULATIONS
3
2.5.3
The Registrar will accept written communications only if communicated by one of the methods specified in
Regulation 2.5.4.
2.5.4
The file time for a communication:
(a)
delivered by personal delivery is when delivery of the communication is time stamped by the Registrar;
(b)
delivered by courier delivery is when delivery of the communication is time stamped by the Registrar;
(c)
delivered by postal service delivery is when delivery of the communication is presented to the Registrar;
and
(d)
delivered by an electronic means acceptable to the Registrar is the time the communication is first
examined by the Registrar for processing. The Registrar shall time stamp a communication delivered
by this method with the time of such first examination.
2.5.5
Except as otherwise provided in these Regulations, the time and date of a financing statement, amendment,
continuation statement or termination statement is the file time of the relevant communication submitting the
relevant Approved Form.
2.6
Errors of the Filing Office Registrar
2.6.1
The Registrar may correct the errors of Security Registry personnel at any time.
2.6.2
If a correction is made after the Registrar has issued a certification date, the Registrar shall file a statement which
identifies:
(a)
the record to which it relates;
(b)
the date of the corrective action taken; and
(c)
the nature of, and grounds for, the corrective action taken.
2.6.3
Corrective action under Regulation 2.6.2 may include:
(a)
rejection of a Filing with effect from the time of the Filing;
(b)
acceptance and time and date stamping of a Filing as at the time of the corrective action; and
(c)
notification to a Secured Creditor or Debtor (or agent of either such person) of his actions,
but may not include amending the effective time of a Filing.
2.6.4
The Registrar shall notify each of the following of corrective action under this Regulation 2.6:
(a)
the filer of the relevant communication;
(b)
the filer of any communication relating to the same Debtor; and
(c)
any other person referred to in a communication under paragraph (a) or (b) above,
in writing within five business days of the day of the corrective action.
2.6.5
A notification under Regulation 2.6.4 must include a copy of the statement filed pursuant to Regulation 2.6.2.
2.6.6
A statement filed pursuant to Regulation 2.6.2 shall be preserved as long as the record of the Filing to which it
relates.
2.7
Refusal errors
2.7.1
If a Secured Creditor or a filer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Registrar that a communication that was
refused for Filing should have been filed, the Registrar will:

## Page 6

SECURITY REGULATIONS
4
(a)
file the communication; and
(b)
file a statement which shall state the effective date and time of Filing of the communication.
2.7.2
The Filing date of a communication to which Regulation 2.7.1 applies which shall be the date and time the
communication is accepted by the Registrar. Retroactive or back-dated Filings shall not be granted by the
Registrar.
2.7.3
Requests for review under Regulation 2.7.1 must be presented to the Registrar, in writing, within 45 days of the
date on the Registrar’s rejection notice. The communications submitted with the request for review must include:
(a)
the original rejected communication;
(b)
the Registrar's rejection notice; and
(c)
a written statement by the person requesting the review explaining why that person believes that the
communication was wrongfully rejected.
2.7.4
The Registrar shall notify of corrective action under this Regulation 2.7:
(a)
the filer of the relevant communication; and
(b)
any other person referred to in the communication,
in writing within five business days of the day of the corrective action.
2.7.5
A notification under Regulation 2.7.4 must include grounds for the original refusal by the Registrar.
2.8
Nature of Registrar's duties and responsibilities
2.8.1
In accepting a communication for Filing (or in refusing to file a communication) the Registrar makes no
determination, and creates no presumption, with respect to any of the following:
(a)
whether such communication is (or is not) legally sufficient;
(b)
whether the information in such communication is (or is not) correct;
(c)
whether the name of any person is (or is not) sufficiently provided in such communication;
(d)
whether the Encumbered Asset is (or is not) properly or sufficiently described in such communication;
(e)
whether any person, Encumbered Asset, obligation, Security Right or other transaction or interest of
any kind does (or does not) exist;
(f)
whether any person does (or does not) have title to, possession of, or any other rights in, any
Encumbered Asset or other property of any kind;
(g)
whether the Registrar is (or is not) a proper office for the Filing of such communication; or
(h)
whether some other or additional Filing or act is (or is not) necessary to perfect, continue, terminate,
assign, amend, give notice of, or otherwise affect any Security Right, lease, consignment, bailment, sale,
or other lien or interest of any kind.
2.8.2
The name of a Debtor or Secured Creditor or other party will be recorded as such name appears on the record to
be filed.  The Registrar assumes no responsibility for the correct spelling of a name, and will enter the data in
accordance with the filer's spelling.
2.8.3
Nothing in this Regulation 2.8 prevents the Registrar from communicating to a filer that the Registrar noticed an
apparent or potential defect or error in a communication submitted for Filing. However, the Registrar is not
required to search for any such defect or error, and the Registrar is not required to notify any filer or other person
of any such defect or error, or otherwise to call any such defect or error to the attention of any filer or other
person.

## Page 7

SECURITY REGULATIONS
5
2.8.4
The responsibility for the legal effectiveness of a Filing rests with the filer. The Registrar bears no responsibility
for such effectiveness.
2.8.5
The Registrar shall not be liable for any loss suffered by any person as a result of any act or omission by him or
his officers, employees or agents in the performance or non-performance of his functions under the Law or these
Regulations, provided that this Regulation shall not apply if the act or omission is shown to have been in bad
faith.
2.9
Search requests
2.9.1
The Registrar will accept a search request only if such request is in an accepted form and is communicated to
the Registrar by personal delivery, courier delivery, or postal service delivery.
2.9.2
A search request may include instructions on the mode of delivery desired, if other than by ordinary mail. Such
delivery instruction will be honoured, provided that:
(a)
the requested mode of delivery is then made available by the Registrar; and
(b)
any additional cost associated with such delivery is paid for by the requestor in advance.
2.10
Electronic Filing
2.10.1
The Registrar may from time to time establish and make available for public use such electronic delivery method
or methods as he may deem appropriate.
2.10.2
The Registrar may make and update Filing rules relating to the electronic Filing of communications made under
the Law and these Regulations. Such rules may without limitation provide for:
(a)
requirements to be satisfied by applicants to participate in the electronic Filing of communications;
(b)
ongoing obligations associated with electronic Filing, including technical measures to ensure the
security of electronic communications;
(c)
powers to suspend or terminate electronic Filing rights;
(d)
responsibilities and liabilities of a person undertaking electronic Filing; and
(e)
responsibilities and liabilities of the Registrar in relation to electronic Filing.
2.10.3
Where a Filing is to be made by the use of an electronic communication, the form and method of transmission
is to comply with the requirements of the Registrar.
2.10.4
The requirements pursuant to these Regulations that are applicable to the completion of forms to be submitted
to the Registrar for Filing apply, with any necessary modification, to an electronic communication.
2.11
Notices and notifications
2.11.1
The Registrar shall publish and make available details of his address and facsimile number for the provision of
written communications under these Regulations.
2.11.2
Where these Regulations prescribe a requirement or discretion on the Registrar to provide written notice or
notification to a person, the Registrar may determine the means of transmission of such notice at its discretion.

## Page 8

SECURITY REGULATIONS
6
APPENDIX 1
APPROVED FORMS
FINANCING STATEMENT (Form 1)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A. NAME & PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER [optional]




THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR SECURITY
REGISTRY USE ONLY
B. SEND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO: (Name and Address)

1. DEBTOR'S EXACT FULL LEGAL NAME – insert only one Debtor name (1a or 1b) – do not abbreviate or combine
names
1a. ORGANISATION'S NAME
1b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
SUFFIX
1c. MAILING
ADDRESS

CITY



COUNTRY

1d. ADDITIONAL
INFO RE
ORGANISATION
DEBTOR
1e. TYPE OF
ORGANISATION
1f. JURISDICTION
OF
ORGANISATION
1g. ORGANISATIONAL ID#, if any
                            NONE
2. ADDITIONAL DEBTOR'S EXACT FULL LEGAL NAME – insert only one Debtor name (2a or 2b) – do not
abbreviate or combine names
2a. ORGANISATION NAME
2b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME

2c. MAILING
ADDRESS
CITY


COUNTRY
2d. SEE
INSTRUCTIONS
ADD'L INFO RE
ORGANISATION
DEBTOR
2e. TYPE OF
ORGANISATION
2f.
JURISDICTION
OF
ORGANISATION
2g.
ORGANISATIONAL
ID#, IF ANY
NONE
3. SECURED CREDITOR'S NAME – insert only one Secured Creditor name (3a or 3b)
3a. ORGANISATION NAME
3b. INDIVIDUAL'S
LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME

## Page 9

SECURITY REGULATIONS
7
3c. MAILING
ADDRESS
CITY


COUNTRY
4. ENCUMBERED ASSET COVERED BY THE FINANCING STATEMENT

4a. VALUE OF ENCUMBERED ASSET – insert the value of the Encumbered Asset in USD
$
4b. This FINANCING STATEMENT covers the following Encumbered Asset: - enter describtion of the Encumbered
Asset

5. ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS
5a. DESCRIPTION
5b. NUMBER OF PAGES

## Page 10

SECURITY REGULATIONS
8
Instructions for Financing Statement (Form 1)
Please type or laser-print this form. Be sure it is completely legible. Read all instructions, especially instruction 1; correct
Debtor name is crucial. Follow these instructions completely.
Fill in this form very carefully; mistakes may have important legal consequences. If you have questions, consult your
legal advisor. The Security Registry cannot give legal advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
When properly completed, send the Security Registry Copy, with required fee, to the Filing Office. Always detach the
Debtor and Secured Creditor Copies.
(A)
To assist the Security Registry to communicate with filer, filer may provide information in Item A. This item is
optional.
(B)
Complete item B if you want an acknowledgement sent to you.
1.
Debtor name: Enter only one Debtor name in Item 1,
an organisation's name (1a) or an individual's name
(1b). enter Debtor's exact full legal name. Do not
abbreviate.
1a. Organisation Debtor: ‘Organisation’ means an entity
having a legal identity separate from its owner. A
partnership is an organisation; a sole proprietorship
is not an organisation, even if it does business under
a trade name. If the Debtor is a partnership, enter the
exact full legal name of the partnership; you need not
enter names of partners as additional Debtors. If the
Debtor is a registered organisation (e.g. corporation,
limited partnership, or limited liability company), it
is advisable to examine the Debtor's correct name,
organisation type, and jurisdiction of organisation.
1b. Individual Debtor: ‘Individual’ means a natural
person; this includes a sole proprietorship, whether
or not operating under a trade name.  Do not use
prefixes (Mr., Mrs., Ms.). Enter the Individual
Debtor's family name (surname) in the Last Name
box, first given name in the First Name box, and all
additional given names in the Middle Name box.

For both organisations and individual Debtors: Do
not use the Debtor's trade name, DBA, AKA, FKA,
Division name, etc.  In place of or combined with the
Debtor's legal name; you may add such other names
as additional Debtors if you wish (but this is neither
required nor recommended).
2.
If an additional Debtor is included, complete Item 2,
determined and formatted per Instruction 1.  If further
additional Debtors are included, add additional fields
under Item 2, determiend and formatted per Instruction
1.
3.
Enter information for the Secured Creditor, determined
and formatted per Instruction 1. If additional Secured
Creditors are included, add additional fields under Item
2, determined and formatted per Instruction 1.
4.
Use Item 4 to specify the value of the Encumbered Asset
covered by this Financing Statement and a description
of the Encumbered Asset.
5.
Provide a description of each additional document
submitted with Form 1. The Security Agreement related
to the filing must be submitted and each document
submitted must be be described individually

## Page 11

SECURITY REGULATIONS
9
FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT – ENCUMBERED ASSET CHANGE (Form 2)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A. NAME & PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER [optional]













THE
ABOVE
SPACE
IS
FOR
SECURITY REGISTRY USE ONLY
B. SEND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO: (Name and Address)




1. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION
1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE#

1b. ORGANISATION'S NAME

1c. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
2. MISCELLANEOUS:

3a. VALUE OF ADDITIONAL ENCUMBERED ASSET – insert the value of the Encumbered Asset in USD

3b. ADDITIONAL ENCUMBERED ASSET DESCRIPTION

## Page 12

SECURITY REGULATIONS
10
Instructions for Financing Statement Amendment - Encumbered Asset Change (Form 2)
Please type or laser-print this form. Be sure it is completely legible. Read all instructions, especially instruction 1; correct
Debtor name is crucial. Follow instructions completely.
Fill in form very carefully; mistakes may have important legal consequences. If you have questions, consult your legal
advisor. The Security Registry cannot give legal advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
When properly completed, send the Security Registry copy, with the required fee, to the Filing Office. Always detach the
Debtor and Secured Creditor copies.
If you need to add additional Debtors or Secured Creditors then you are advised to use the Financing Statement
Amendment – Party Details (Form 5).
1.
File Number: Enter the file number of initial
financing statement to which this amendment
relates. Enter only one file number.
Enter the Debtor information recorded in the initial
financing statement in Item 1b if it is an organisation
or 1c if the Debtor is an individual.
2.
Miscellaneous:
Under
certain
circumstances,
additional information not provided on the
Financing Statement may be required. Use this
space to provide such additional information;
otherwise, leave blank.
3.
Use Item 3 to specify the value of the additional
Encumbered Asset covered by this Financing
Statement and a description of the additional
Encumbered Asset.

## Page 13

SECURITY REGULATIONS
11
FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT - ENCUMBERED ASSET RESTATEMENT (Form 3)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A. NAME & PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER [optional]










THE
ABOVE
SPACE
IS
FOR
SECURITY REGISTRY USE ONLY
B. SEND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO: (Name and Address)


1. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION
1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE#
1b. ORGANISATION'S NAME

1c. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
2.
NAME OF PARTY AUTHORISING THIS AMENDMENT.

If this form is authorised by a Debtor, check here             or Secured Creditor check here           and enter details below:
2a. ORGANISATION'S NAME

2b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME

FIRST NAME

MIDDLE
NAME,
SUFFIX

3. RESTATED ENCUMBERED ASSET DESCRIPTION (provided there is no change in value)















 Check here to confirm that there is no change in value of the Encumbered Asset

## Page 14

SECURITY REGULATIONS
12
Instructions for Financing Statement Amendment – Encumbered Asset Restatement (Form 3)
Please type of laser-print this form.  Be sure it is completely legible.  Read all instructions, especially instruction 1; correct
file number of initial financing statement is crucial. Follow these instructions completely.
Fill in this form very carefully; mistakes may have important legal consequences. If you have questions, consult your
legal advisor. The Security Registry cannot give legal advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
When properly completed send the Security Registry Copy, with the required fee, to the Filing Office. Always detach the
Debtor and Secured Creditor copies.
1.
File Number: Enter the file number of initial
financing statement to which this amendment
relates. Enter only one file number.
Enter the Debtor information recorded in the
initial financing statement in Item 1b if it is an
organisation or 1c if the Debtor is an individual.
2.
Name of Authorising Party: Always enter name
of party of record authorising this Amendment;
in most cases, this will be a Secured Creditor of
record.  If more than one authorising party, give
additional names, properly formatted.  Complete
either 2a or 2b.
2a.
Organisation Authorising Party ‘Organisation’
means an entity having a legal identity separate
from its owner.  A partnership is an organisation;
a sole proprietorship is not an organisation, even
if it does business under a trade name.  If the
Authorising Party is a partnership, enter exact
full legal name of partnership; you need not enter
names of partners. If the Authorising Party is a
registered organisation (e.g. company, limited
liability partnership, foundation), enter exact full
legal name of the organisation.
2b.
Individual Authorising Party ‘Individual’ means
a natural person; this includes a sole
proprietorship, whether or not operating under a
trade name.  Do not use prefixes (Mr., Mrs.,
Ms.).  Enter individual Authorising Party's
family name (surname) in Last Name box, first
given name in First Name box, and all additional
given names in Middle Name box.
3.
Use Item 3 to set out the Encumbered Asset
description in full as it is to be effective after the
filing of this amendment. There should be no
change in value of the Encumbered Asset and
check the box in Item 3 to confirm this. If there
is a change in value of the Encumbered Asset,
please complete Form 2.

## Page 15

SECURITY REGULATIONS
13
FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT (Form 4)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A. NAME & PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER [optional]






THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR
SECURITY REGISTRY USE ONLY
B. SEND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO: (Name and Address)

1. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION
1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE#
1b. ORGANISATION'S NAME

1c. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
2.
PARTIAL DELETION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above is partially deleted with
respect to Security Right(s) of the Secured Creditor authorising this Termination Statement.
3.
TERMINATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above is completely terminated with
respect to Security Right(s) of the Secured Creditor authorising this Termination Statement.
4.
CONTINUATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above with respect to Security
Right(s) of the Secured Creditor authorising this Continuation Statement is continued for the additional
period provided by applicable law.
5.  PARTIAL DELETION (ENCUMBERED ASSET CHANGE)

5a. VALUE OF ENCUMBERED ASSET PARTIALLLY DELETED – insert the value of the Encumbered Asset
deleted in USD










$
5b.  Restated Encumbered Asset description
6. NAME of PARTY of RECORD AUTHORISING THIS AMENDMENT.  If this form is authorised by a
Debtor, check here             or Secured Creditor check here            and enter details below
6a. ORGANISATION'S NAME

6b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
8. OPTIONAL FILER REFERENCE DATA
9. ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS
9a. DESCRIPTION
9b. NUMBER OF PAGES

## Page 16

SECURITY REGULATIONS
14

## Page 17

SECURITY REGULATIONS
15
Instructions for Financing Statement Amendment (Form 4)
Please type or laser-print this form.  Be sure it is completely legible. Read all instructions, especially instruction 1a;
correct file number of initial financing statement is crucial. Follow these instructions completely.
Fill in this form very carefully; mistakes may have important legal consequences.  If you have questions, consult your
legal advisor.  The Security Registry cannot give legal advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
An Amendment may relate to only one financing statement.  Do not enter more than one file number in Item 1a.
When properly completed, send the Security Registry Copy, with the required fee, to the Filing Office.
Always complete Items 1 and 6.
(A)
To assist the Security Registry to communicate with the filer, the filer may provide information in Item A.
This item is optional.
(B)
Complete Item B if you want an acknowledgement sent to you.
1.
File Number: Enter file number in Item 1a of initial
financing statement to which this form relates.
Enter only one file number.
Enter the Debtor information recorded in the initial
financing statement in Item 1b if it is an organisation
or 1c if the Debtor is an individual.
Note: Show purpose of this Amendment by checking box
2, 3, or 4. Only 1 box may be ticked.
2.
To partially delete the Encumbered Asset identified
in the initial financing statement with respect to
Security Right(s) of the Secured Creditor, check box
2.  See instruction 5 and 6 below.
3.
To completely terminate the effectiveness of the
identified financing statement with respect to
Security Right(s) of the Secured Creditor, check box
3.  See instruction 6 below.
4. To continue the effectiveness of the identified
financing statement with respect to Security Right(s)
of the Secured Creditor, check box 4.  See
instruction 6 below.
5.
Partial deletion of Encumbered Asset specify the
value of the Encumbered Asset to be deleted in 5a.
and set out the Encumbered Asset description in full
as it is to be effective after the filing of this
amendment in 5b.
6.
Always enter name of party of record authorising
this Amendment; in most cases, this will be a
Secured Creditor of record. If more than one
authorising party, give additional names, properly
formatted.
7.
Item 7 is optional and is for filer's use only.  For
filer's convenience of reference, filer may enter in
Item 7 any identifying information (e.g., Secured
Creditor's loan number, law firm file number,
Debtor's name or other identification, etc.) that filer
may find useful.
8.
Provide a description of each additional document
filed with Form 4 to evidence the partial deletion,
termination or continuation.

## Page 18

SECURITY REGULATIONS
16
FINANCE STATEMENT AMENDMENT – PARTY DETAILS (Form 5)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A. NAME & PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER [optional]








THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR SECURITY
REGISTRY USE ONLY
B. SEND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO: (Name and Address)

1. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION
1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE#
1b. ORGANISATION'S NAME

1c. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
3. AMENDMENT:
This Amendment affects         Debtor   or          Secured Creditor of record. (Select only one)

Also check one of the following three boxes and provide appropriate information in Item 5 and/or 6.

CHANGE
name
and/or
address. Please refer to the
detailed instructions relating
to
changing
the
name/address of a party.

DELETE name: Give record
name to be deleted in Item 4a or
4b.

ADD name: Complete Item 4a or 4b,
and also Item 4c; also complete Items
4e-4g (if applicable).
3. CHANGED, DELETED OR ADDED (NEW) INFORMATION:
3a. ORGANISATION'S NAME
3b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE
NAME

3c. MAILING
ADDRESS

CITY


COUNTRY
3d. ADD'L INO
RE
ORGANISATION
DEBTOR
3e. TYPE OF
ORGANISATION
3f. JURISDICTION OF
ORGANISATION
3g. ORGANISATIONAL id#, if any


        NONE

## Page 19

SECURITY REGULATIONS
17
Instructions for Financing Statement Amendment – Party Details (Form 5)
Please type or laser-print this form.  Be sure it is completely legible. Read all instructions, especially instruction 1, correct
file number of initial financing statement is crucial. Follow instructions completely.
Fill in form very carefully; mistakes may have important legal consequences. If you have questions, consult your legal
advisor. The Security Registry cannot give legal advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
When properly completed, send the Security Registry copy, with the required fee, to the Filing Office.  Always detach
the Debtor and Secured Creditor copies.
A.
To assist the Security Registry to communicate with filer, filer may provide information in Item A. This item is
optional.
B.
Complete Item B if you want an acknowledgment sent to you.
1.
File Number: Enter file number in Item 1a of initial
financing statement to which this form relates.  Enter
only one file number.
Enter the Debtor information recorded in the initial
financing statement in Item 1b if it is an organisation
or 1c if the Debtor is an individual.
2. In Item 2, you must check the box to indicate whether
this Amendment relates to the Debtor or a Secured
Creditor. You must then check the relevant box to
indicate the nature of the change as set out below:
(a) To change name and/or address of a party:
(i) Change the name of a party: Check the
relevant box in Item 2 to indicate that this is
a name change; and enter new name in Item
3a, or 3b.  If the new name refers to a Debtor,
complete 3c; also complete 3e - 3g, if the
Debtor is an organisation (and 3a was
completed).
(ii) Change only the address of a party: Check the
relevant box in Item 2 to indicate that this is
an address change as appropriate; and enter
new address (3c.) in Item 3.
(iii) Change the name and address of a party:
Check the relevant box in Item 2 to indicate
that this is a name and address change, and
enter the new name (3a. or 3b).  If the new
name refers to a Debtor complete Item 3; as
well as Items 3e - 3g.
(b)
To delete a party: Check the relevant box in Item 2
to indicate that this is a deletion of a party; and also
enter the name (in 3a or 3b) of the deleted party in
Item 3.
(c) To add a party: Check the relevant box in Item 3 to
indicate that this is an addition of a party and enter
the new name (3a or 3b).  If the new name refers to
a Debtor, complete Item 3c; also complete 3e-3g, if
the Debtor is an organisation (and 3a was
completed).
3.
For each additional change to a single party, file a
new Form 5 along with the applicable fee.

## Page 20

SECURITY REGULATIONS
18
CORRECTION STATEMENT (FORM 6)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A. NAME & PHONE OF PERSON FILING THIS
STATEMENT [optional]


























THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR SECURITY REGISTRAR USE ONLY
B. SEND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO: (Name and
Address)

1. Identification of the RECORD to which this CORRECTION STATEMENT relates.
1a. TYPE OF RECORD
1b.  FILE # OF INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT

2a.
RECORD is inaccurate.

Provide the basis for the basis for the belief of the person identified in Item 3 that the RECORD identified
in Item 1 is inaccurate and indicate the manner in which the person believes the RECORD should be
amended to cure the inaccuracy.

2b.
RECORD was wrongfully filed or rejected.

Provide the basis for the basis for the belief of the person identified in Item 3 that the RECORD identified
in Item 1 was wrongfully filed or rejected.


3. NAME OF PERSON AUTHORISING THE FILING OF THIS CORRECTION STATEMENT – The RECORD
identified in Item 1 must be indexed under this name.
3a. ORGANISATION'S NAME

3b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME

## Page 21

SECURITY REGULATIONS
19
Instructions for Correction Statement (Form 6)
Please type or laser-print this form.  Be sure it is completely legible.  Read all instructions, especially instructions 1a and
1b; correct identification of the initial Record to which this Correction Statement relates is crucial.  Follow these
instructions completely.
Fill in this form very carefully.  If you have questions, consult your legal advisor.  The Security Registry cannot give legal
advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
When properly completed, send the Security Registry Copy to the Filing Office.  If you want an acknowledgement,
complete Item B.
General – You must always complete Items 1 and 3 and
either Item 2a or 2b
1a. Indicate type of Record to which this Correction
Statement relates (e.g., Financing Statement or
Amendment). You may also insert additional
information that you believe will assist in identifying
the Record (e.g., the filing date and/or record number
of the Record).
1b. File number: Enter file number of initial financing
statement to which the Record that is the object of
this Correction Statement relates.  Enter only one file
number.

2a. If this Correction Statement is filed based on the
filer's belief that the Record identified in Item 1 is
inaccurate, check box 2a, provide the basis for that
belief, and indicate the manner in which the Record
should be amended to cure the inaccuracy.
2b. If this Correction Statement is filed based on the
filer's belief that the Record identified in Item 1 was
wrongfully filed or rejected, check box 2b and
provide the basis for that belief.
3.
Always enter name of the person who authorised the
filing of this Correction Statement.  This name must
be the same as the name under which the Record is
indexed.

## Page 22

SECURITY REGULATIONS
20
INFORMATION REQUEST (FORM 7)
FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS (front and back) CAREFULLY
A.
NAME
&
PHONE
OF
CONTACT [optional]
SECURITY REGISTRY ACCT #








THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR
SECURITY REGISTRY USE
ONLY
B. RETURN TO: (Name and Address)

1. DEBTOR NAME to be searched – insert only one Debtor name (1a or 1b) – do not abbreviate or combine names.
1a.  ORGANISATION NAME
1b. INDIVIDUAL'S LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
2.  Information options RELATING TO filings and other notices on file in the Security Registry that include as a
Debtor name the name identified in Item 1:
2a. SEARCH RESPONSE
Select one of the following two options:
 ALL (Check this box to request a response that is complete,
including filings that have lapsed.)

UNLAPSED
2b.
SPECIFIED COPIES ONLY                     Copies of specific records by record number identified below

Record Number
Date Record Filed (if required)
Type of Record and Additional
identifying Information (if
required)















3 DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS (request will be completed and mailed to the address shown in Item B unless
otherwise instructed here):
3a.
Pick Up

3b.
Other
Specify desired method here; provide
delivery information (e.g. delivery
service's name, addressee's account #
with delivery service, addressee's
phone #, etc.)

## Page 23

SECURITY REGULATIONS
21
Instructions Information Request (Form 7)
Please type or laser-print this form.  Be sure it is completely legible.  Follow these instructions completely.
Fill in form very carefully; mistakes may have important legal consequences.  If you have questions, consult your legal
advisor.  The Security Registry cannot give legal advice.
Do not insert anything in the open space in the upper portion of this form; it is reserved for Security Registry use.
When properly completed, send, with the required fee, to the Filing Office.
(A)
To assist the filing officers that might wish to communicate with the requestor, the requestor may provide
information in Item A.  This Item is optional.
(B)
Enter name and address of requestor in Item B.  This item is NOT optional.
1.
Debtor Name: Enter only one Debtor name in Item
1, an organisation's name (1a) or an individual's
name (1b). Enter the Debtor's exact full legal name.
Do not abbreviate.
1a. Organisation Debtor: "Organisation" means an
entity having a legal identity separate from its owner.
A
partnership
is
an
organisation;
a
sole
proprietorship is not an organisation, even if it does
business under a trade name. If the Debtor is a
partnership, enter the exact full legal name of the
partnership; you need not enter names of partners as
additional Debtors. If Debtor is a registered
organisation (e.g. corporation, limited partnership,
limited liability company), it is advisable to examine
the Debtor's current filed charter documents to
determine the Debtor's correct name, organisation
type, and jurisdiction of organisation.
1b. Individual Debtor. ‘Individual’ means a natural
person, this includes a sole proprietorship, whether
or not operating under a trade name.  Do not use
prefixes (Mr., Mrs., Ms.).  Enter the Individual
Debtor's family name (surname) in the Last Name
box, first given name in the First Name box, and all
additional given names in the Middle Name box.
1c. For both organization and individual Debtors: Do
not use the Debtor's trade name, division name, etc.
in place of or combined with the Debtor's legal name.
You may add such other names as additional Debtors
if you wish (but this is neither required nor
recommended).
2.
Information options relating to filings and other
notices on file in the Security Registry that include
as a Debtor name the name identified in Item 1:
Please note that it is permissible to select an option
in 2a and also check an option in 2b.
2a. Check the appropriate box in Item 2a. Check the box
‘ALL’ if you are requesting a search of all records,
including lapsed filings, or the box ‘UNLAPSED’ if
you are requesting a search of only active records
that have not lapsed.
2b. Complete Item 2b if you are ordering copies of
specific records by record number. Please complete
the information in the table regarding each specific
record requested.
3.
Delivery instructions: Unless otherwise instructed,
the Security Registry will mail information to the
name and address in Item B. If information will be
picked up from the Filing Office, check the "Pick
Up" box. Contact the Security Registry concerning
availability of other delivery options.  For other than
mail or pick up, check the ‘Other’ box and specify
the other delivery method you are requesting.  If
requesting delivery service, provide delivery
service's name and requestor's account number to
bill for delivery charge.  The Security Registry will
not deliver by delivery service unless payment is
provided.

## Page 24

SECURITY REGULATIONS
22
APPENDIX 2
FEES
Pursuant to Article 141 of the Law and Section 2.3.4. of the Regulations, the DIFCA hereby promulgates the following
fees, as amended from time to time:
Upon receipt by the Registrar of:
Fee (USD):
Financing Statement (Form 1)
$ 5,000
Financing Statement – Encumbered Asset change (Form
2)
To amend Encumbered Asset where there is a change in
value
US$ 2,500
Financing Statement Amendment – Encumbered Asset
Restatement (Form 3)
To amend Encumbered Asset, provided there is no
change in value: US$ 200
Financing Statement Amendment (Form 4 )

To partially delete Encumbered Asset: $250;

To fully terminate Encumbered Asset: $250;

To continue Encumbered Asset: $1,000

Finance Statement Amendment
Party Details (Form 5)
To add or delete a single Party: $200
To change the details of a single Party: $200
Correction Statement (Form 6)
To file a correction: $200
Information Request (Form 7)
For the provision of an extract of information from the
Security Register: $50.
