# 536bbce854b9406cc22697e04fcdabd645e030c0e55b918252643b00e0b2b25f.pdf

- page_count: 21

## Page 1

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
DIFC LAW NO. 9 OF 2005

Consolidated Version
(March 2024)

As amended by
DIFC Laws Amendment Law
DIFC Law No. 3 of 2024

DIFC Laws Amendment Law
DIFC Law No. 2 of 2022

## Page 2

i
PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW

CONFIDENTIAL
CONTENTS
PART 1: GENERAL .................................................................................................................................................1
1.
Title and repeal .............................................................................................................................................1
2.
Legislative authority .....................................................................................................................................1
3.
Application of the Law .................................................................................................................................1
4.
Date of enactment .........................................................................................................................................1
5.
Commencement ............................................................................................................................................1
6.
Interpretation .................................................................................................................................................1
PART 2: APPLICATION ........................................................................................................................................2
7.
Application ....................................................................................................................................................2
PART 3: TRANSFERS OF PROPERTY ...............................................................................................................3
8.
General rule as to transfers of title to property ..............................................................................................3
9.
Gifts ..............................................................................................................................................................3
10.
Partially effective transfers ...........................................................................................................................3
11.
Digital Assets ................................................................................................................................................3
12.
Transfer subject to subsisting adverse property interest ...............................................................................4
13.
Transfer of Money, Financial Collateral, Financial Property, Negotiable Instrument or Negotiable
Document subject to subsisting adverse property interest ............................................................................4
14.
Transfer of Property subject to a Security Right ...........................................................................................4
15.
Application of this Part .................................................................................................................................4
PART 4: RIGHTS OF PARTIES ............................................................................................................................5
16.
Unpaid transferor defined .............................................................................................................................5
17.
Unpaid transferor's rights ..............................................................................................................................5
18.
Specific performance ....................................................................................................................................5
PART 5: INVESTMENT TRANSACTIONS - GENERAL ..................................................................................6
19.
Transfer authority..........................................................................................................................................6
20.
Control ..........................................................................................................................................................6
21.
No requirements for writing ..........................................................................................................................7
PART 6: TRANSFER OF INVESTMENTS ..........................................................................................................8
22.
Efficacy of endorsement or instruction .........................................................................................................8
23.
Effect of issuer's restriction on transfer on securities ....................................................................................8
24.
Purchaser's right to requisites for registration of transfer ..............................................................................8
PART 7: INVESTMENT ENTITLEMENTS .........................................................................................................9
25.
Acquisition and disposition of investment entitlements ................................................................................9
26.
Rights in investment entitlements .................................................................................................................9
27.
Exercise of rights ........................................................................................................................................ 10
28.
Authority, timing, conditionality, reversals ................................................................................................ 10
29.
Prohibition of higher-tier attachment .......................................................................................................... 11
30.
Duty of investment intermediary to hold and maintain sufficient investments ........................................... 11
31.
Investments and certain money claims to be allocated to account holders and not part of investment
intermediary's insolvent estate .................................................................................................................... 12
32.
Effect of insufficiency on account holders’ rights ...................................................................................... 12
33.
Right of transfer against an insolvent investment intermediary (revindication) ......................................... 13
34.
Insolvency of clearing and settlement intermediaries or Authorised Market Institutions ........................... 13
35.
Instructions.................................................................................................................................................. 13
36.
Position of issuers of investments ............................................................................................................... 13
37.
Set-off and netting ....................................................................................................................................... 14
38.
Enforcement ................................................................................................................................................ 14
PART 8: REGULATIONS ..................................................................................................................................... 15
39.
Regulations ................................................................................................................................................. 15
SCHEDULE 1.......................................................................................................................................................... 16

## Page 3

1
PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW

CONFIDENTIAL
PART 1: GENERAL
1.
Title
This Law may be cited as the “Personal Property Law 2005".
2.
Legislative authority
This Law is made by the Ruler of Dubai.
3.
Application of the Law
This Law applies in the jurisdiction of the DIFC.
4.
Date of enactment
This Law is enacted on the date specified in the Enactment Notice in respect of this Law.
5.
Commencement
This Law comes into force on the date specified in the Enactment Notice in respect of this Law.
6.
Interpretation
Schedule 1 contains:
(a)
interpretative provisions which apply to the Law; and
(b)
a list of defined terms used in the Law.

## Page 4

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
2
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 2: APPLICATION
7.
Application
Unless stated otherwise in this Law, this Law applies to any property other than real property, regardless of
whether such property is capable of being owned or transferred under the laws of any other jurisdiction.

## Page 5

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
3
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 3: TRANSFERS OF PROPERTY
8.
General rule as to transfers of title to property
(1)
Where there is a consensual transfer of property, title is transferred to the transferee at such time as
the transferor and the transferee mutually intend it to be transferred.
(2)
For the purpose of ascertaining the intention of the transferor and the transferee regard shall be had
to the terms of any contract or other agreement or arrangements between the transferor and the
transferee, the conduct of the transferor and the transferee and the circumstances of the case.
(3)
Where both the transferor and the transferee intend that title to property should pass but intend it
to pass at a different times (or, if there are multiple transferors and transferees, where there are
differences of intention as to time between transferors or transferees), title passes at the last of the
intended times, and until that time no title passes.
(4)
A purported transfer is ineffective without the consent of the transferee. Such consent may be
explicit or implied, and may be given immediately or retrospectively.
(5)
Where a person (“A”) intends to transfer property to another (“B”) without the knowledge or
consent of B, when B discovers the attempted transfer he may accept it, and if he does so title to
the property will be transferred to him as if he had intended the property to be transferred on the
same date as A. However if A has rescinded such a transfer at any time prior to B’s discovery then
B cannot subsequently accept the transfer.
(6)
Title to property may not cease to exist, and once a person acquires title to property he remains the
owner of it until the property is either transferred or destroyed.
(7)
A person may abandon property if he intends that any person who appropriates it may become
owner of it at the time of appropriation. However, until such an appropriation is made he remains
the owner of the property.
9.
Gifts
Where property is transferred by one person to another by way of gift, it is presumed that the intention of
the parties is that title to the property should be transferred to the transferee unless a contrary intention can
be proved.
10.
Partially effective transfers
(1)
Where property is transferred by a person who is not its owner, and who does not transfer it under
the authority or with the consent of the owner, the transferee acquires no better title to the property
than the transferor had .
(2)
Where a transferee enters into a transfer of property as described in Article 10(1) in circumstances
where, as a direct result of anything said or done by the owner, he believes in good faith that the
transferor either is the owner or is acting under the authority or with the consent of the owner, the
transferee acquires the title which he would have acquired had the transferor been so acting.
(3)
Where there is a contract for the sale of unascertained property no title to the property is transferred
to the transferee unless and until the property is ascertained.
(4)
Where by a contract of sale the transferor purports to effect a present sale of future property, the
contract operates as an agreement to sell the proper.
11.
Digital Assets
(1)
Article 8 to 10 of this Law shall not apply to Digital Assets.

## Page 6

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
4
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
(2)
General rules as to title and transfer of title of Digital Assets shall be determined by Part 3 of the
Digital Assets law.
12.
Transfer subject to subsisting adverse property interest
(1)
Subject to Articles 10 and 14 of this Law, an innocent transferee of:
(a)
the legal title in property takes free of all interests in the property, whether legal or
equitable;
(b)
the equitable interest in property takes free of all interests in the property save those that
are superior to that equitable interest.
(2)
For the purposes of Article 12(1), a transferee of property is an innocent transferee of that property
if the transferee has received the property in good faith, for value and without notice of a third party
property interest.
(3)
For the purpose of Article 12(2), a transferee has notice of a third party property interest if the
transferee knows or ought reasonably to know that another person has an interest in the property
that conflicts with the interest the transferee seeks to purchase.
(4)
This Article 12 shall not apply to a transfer of Money, Financial Collateral, Negotiable Instrument
or Negotiable Document (which includes such property that is also a Digital Asset).
13.
Transfer of Money, Financial Collateral, Financial Property, Negotiable Instrument or Negotiable
Document subject to subsisting adverse property interest
(1)
This Article 13 applies to the transfer of a property interest in Money, Financial Collateral,
Negotiable Instrument or Negotiable Document (which includes such property that is also a Digital
Asset).
(2)
Subject to Article 14 of this Law, an innocent transferee of:
(a)
the legal title in such property takes free of all interests in the property, whether legal or
equitable; and
(b)
the equitable interest in such property takes free of all interests in the property save those
that are superior to that equitable interest.
(3)
For the purpose of Article 13(2), a transferee of such property is an innocent transferee of that
property unless:
(a)
the transferee does not give value, or
(b)
the transferee gives value, but has actual knowledge of the third party property interest,
or has knowledge of facts indicating a significant risk that the third party property interest
exists and deliberately avoids making inquiries that a reasonable person in the transferee’s
position would make which would establish the existence of the third party property
interest.
14.
Transfer of property subject to a Security Right
The circumstances under which a transferee of title to property takes free of a Security Right is determined
by the Law of Security.
15.
Application of this Part
This Part is subject to the provisions of Parts 5 and 6.

## Page 7

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
5
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 4: RIGHTS OF PARTIES
16.
Unpaid transferor defined
(1)
The transferor of property is an unpaid transferor within the meaning of this Law:
(a)
when he has entered into a contract of sale in respect of the property and the whole of the
price has not been paid or tendered;
(b)
when a bill of exchange or other Negotiable Instrument has been received as conditional
payment, and the condition on which it was received has not been fulfilled by reason of
the dishonour of the instrument or otherwise.
(2)
In this Part of this Law, 'transferor' includes any person who is in the position of a transferor, as,
for instance, an agent of the transferor to whom a bill of lading has been endorsed, or a consignor
or agent who has himself paid (or is directly responsible for) the price.
17.
Unpaid transferor's rights
(1)
Subject to this and any other law, notwithstanding that title to the property may have passed to the
transferee, the unpaid transferor of property, as such, has by implication of law:
(a)
a lien on the property or right to retain it for the price while he is in possession of it;
(b)
in the case of the insolvency of the transferee, a right of stopping the property in transit
after he has parted with the possession of it; and
(c)
a right of re-sale as limited by this Law.
(2)
Where title to the property has not passed to the transferee, the unpaid transferor has (in addition
to his other remedies) a right of withholding delivery similar to and coextensive with his rights of
lien or retention and stoppage in transit where title has passed to the transferee.
18.
Specific performance
(1)
In any action for a failure to perform any legal obligation to deliver property the Court may, if it
thinks fit, on the plaintiff's application, by its judgement or decree direct that the contract shall be
performed specifically, without giving the defendant the option of retaining the property on
payment of damages.
(2)
The plaintiff's application may be made at any time before judgement or decree.
(3)
The judgement or decree may be unconditional, or on such terms and conditions as to damages,
payment of the price and otherwise as seem just to the Court.

## Page 8

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
6
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 5: INVESTMENT TRANSACTIONS - GENERAL
19.
Transfer authority
(1)
A person who has the necessary authority and documentation to procure a transfer of title to an
investment has transfer authority.
(2)
In respect of bearer investments, any person having physical possession of the bearer investment
has transfer authority.
(3)
In respect of bills of exchange and investments transferred by endorsement, a person has transfer
authority if he has authority to endorse the bill or investment to a third party.
(4)
In respect of registered investments, a person has transfer authority if he is in possession of, or has
authority to execute, an instruction to the relevant registrar to register the investments in the name
of a transferee.
(5)
In respect of any investments held in a investment account, a person has transfer authority if he is
entitled to give the investment intermediary an entitlement order.
20.
Control
(1)
A person has "control" of a bearer security in physical form if the physical form of the security is
delivered to him, and retains such control whilst he retains possession of the physical form of the
security.
(2)
A person has "control" of an investment in registered form when he is registered as the owner of
the security or has transfer authority in respect of it.
(3)
A person has "control" of an uncertificated investment if:
(a)
the uncertificated investment is held in an investment account in his name; or
(b)
the issuer has agreed that it will comply with instructions originated by or on behalf of the
purchaser without further consent by the registered owner.
(4)
A person has "control" of an investment entitlement if:
(a)
the person becomes the entitlement holder; or
(b)
the relevant investment intermediary has agreed that it will comply with instructions
originated by the person without further consent by the entitlement holder.
(5)
If an interest in an investment entitlement is granted by the entitlement holder to the entitlement
holder's own investment intermediary, the investment intermediary has control.
(6)
A person who has satisfied the requirements of Article 20(3)(b) or 20(4)(b) has control even if the
registered owner in the case of Article 20(3)(b) or the entitlement holder in the case of Article
20(4)(b) retains the right to make substitutions for the uncertificated security or investment
entitlement, to originate instructions to the issuer or investment intermediary, or otherwise to deal
with the uncertificated security or investment entitlement.
(7)
An issuer or an investment intermediary may not enter into an agreement of the kind described in
Article 20(3)(b) or 20(4)(b) without the consent of the registered owner or entitlement holder, but
an issuer or an investment intermediary is not required to enter into such an agreement even though
the registered owner or entitlement holder so directs. An issuer or investment intermediary that has
entered into such an agreement is not required to confirm the existence of the agreement to another
party unless requested to do so by the registered owner or entitlement holder.

## Page 9

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
7
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
21.
No requirements for writing
Where parties to an agreement, or subject to the Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution, have
provided that records of holdings or entitlements, contracts for purchase or sale or instructions for debit or
credit relating to investments, investment entitlements, or assets held in an investment account may be made
otherwise than in writing, the absence of signed writing or record authenticated by a party against whom
enforcement is sought will not invalidate the enforceability of the holding, entitlement, contract or
instruction provided it was created or transmitted in accordance with the agreement or Business Rules.\

## Page 10

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
8
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 6: TRANSFER OF INVESTMENTS
22.
Efficacy of endorsement or instruction
(1)
An endorsement or instruction is effective if:
(a)
it is made by a person having the right to transfer authority;
(b)
it is made by a person having transfer authority as an agent including, in the case of an
instruction or entitlement order, a person who has control under Article 20(3)(b) or
20(4)(b); or
(c)
the person having the right to transfer the investment is precluded from asserting its
ineffectiveness.
(2)
An endorsement or instruction is effective even if the person making it has failed to comply with
any condition or requirement relating to his power to do so, including any law requiring the
obtaining of Court approval of the transaction; or the representative's action in making the
endorsement, instruction, or entitlement order or using the proceeds of the transaction is otherwise
a breach of duty.
(3)
If an investment is registered in the name of or specially endorsed to a person described as a
representative, or if an investment account is maintained in the name of a person described as a
representative, an endorsement or instruction made by the person is effective even though the
person is no longer serving in the described capacity.
(4)
Effectiveness of an endorsement, instruction, or entitlement order is determined as of the date the
endorsement or instruction is made, and an effective endorsement or instruction does not become
ineffective by reason of any later change of circumstances.
23.
Effect of issuer's restriction on transfer on securities
A restriction on transfer of a security imposed by the issuer shall be regarded as a third party property
interest, and shall be ineffective against any person other than a person who had actual knowledge of such
third party property interest or knowledge of facts sufficient to indicate that there is a significant probability
that the third party property interest exists and deliberately avoids making inquiries that a reasonable person
in his position would make which would establish the existence of the third party property interest unless:
(a)
the security is certificated and the restriction is noted conspicuously on the security certificate; or
(b)
the security is uncertificated and the registered owner has been notified of the restriction.
24.
Purchaser's right to requisites for registration of transfer
Unless otherwise agreed, the transferor of a security on due demand shall supply the purchaser with proof
of authority to transfer or with any transfer authority which may be necessary to obtain registration of the
transfer of the security, but if the transfer is not for value, a transferor need not comply unless the purchaser
pays the necessary expenses. If the transferor fails within a reasonable time to comply with the demand,
then without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the transferee, he may reject or rescind the
transfer.

## Page 11

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
9
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 7: INVESTMENT ENTITLEMENTS
25.
Acquisition and disposition of investment entitlements
(1)
An investment entitlement is acquired by an account holder by the credit of the entitlement to that
account holder’s investment account.
(2)
No further step or operation is necessary to render the acquisition of an investment entitlement
effective against third parties.
(3)
An investment entitlement is disposed by an account holder by the debit of the entitlement to that
account holder’s investment account.
(4)
Without prejudice to any requirement that no credit or debit be made without a corresponding debit
or credit, a debit or credit of an entitlement to an investment account is not ineffective because it is
not possible to identify an investment account to which a corresponding credit or debit has been
made.
(5)
Debits and credits to investment accounts in respect of investments of the same description may be
effected on a net basis.
(6)
This Article does not preclude any other method provided by law for acquisition and disposition of
investment entitlements.
26.
Rights in investment entitlements
(1)
The credit of an investment entitlement to an investment account confers on the account holder:
(a)
subject to Article 26(2), the right to receive and exercise the rights attached to the
investment, including without limitation dividends, interest and other distributions and
voting rights;
(b)
the right, by instructions to the relevant intermediary, to cause the investment entitlement
(or part thereof) to be debited to the investment account and credited to an investment
account of another account holder (whether with the relevant intermediary or another
investment intermediary) or to be delivered into the possession or control of a Secured
Creditor;
(c)
the right, by instructions to the relevant intermediary, to cause the investment entitlement
(or part thereof) to be debited to the investment account and
(d)
credited to the account holder’s investment account with another investment intermediary;
(e)
the right, by instructions to the relevant intermediary, to withdraw investments so as to be
held by the account holder otherwise than through an investment account, to the extent
permitted by law under which the investments are constituted, the terms of the investment
and the account agreement; and
(f)
such other rights as may be conferred by law or regulation applicable to investment
accounts and investment intermediaries.
(2)
Credit to an investment account of an account holder who is acting in the capacity of investment
intermediary with respect to the entitlement only conveys the rights in Article 26(1)(a) if that
account holder, or another investment intermediary through which, directly or indirectly, it holds
the relevant investment entitlement is entitled to those rights against the issuer under the terms and
laws pursuant to which the investments are constituted.
(3)
Without prejudice to Article 36 and Article 37, the rights referred to in Article 26(1):
(a)
are effective against the relevant intermediary and third parties; and

## Page 12

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
10
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
(b)
may be enforced against the relevant investment intermediary and, subject to the terms
and laws pursuant to which the investments are constituted, the issuer of the relevant
investments.
27.
Exercise of rights
(1)
Subject to Article 27(2) and (3), an investment intermediary must take appropriate measures to
enable its account holders to receive and exercise the rights specified in Article 26(1).
(2)
To the extent that the rights referred to in Article 26(1) are dependent on the actions of the relevant
intermediary, the account holder is not entitled to any such right to the extent that giving effect to
the right:
(a)
is not within the power of the relevant intermediary;
(b)
would require the relevant intermediary to act in a manner that is not permitted by any
applicable law or by the terms of the relevant investments;
(c)
would require the relevant intermediary to establish an investment account with another
investment intermediary; or
(d)
is waived by the account holder by agreement with the relevant intermediary.
(3)
Any obligation of the relevant intermediary in respect of the rights of the account holder under
Article 26(1) shall be satisfied if the relevant intermediary acts with respect to that obligation:
(a)
if an Authorised Market Institution, in accordance with its Business Rules;
(b)
if an authorised firm, in accordance with the account agreement or, if there is no account
agreement, in accordance with reasonable commercial standards;
(c)
in accordance with any other agreement between the account holder and the relevant
intermediary; or
(d)
by placing the account holder in a position to exercise any relevant right directly.
28.
Authority, timing, conditionality, reversals
(1)
A debit or credit of an entitlement to an investment account is not effective unless the relevant
intermediary is authorised to make that debit, credit or designating entry:
(a)
by the account holder; or
(b)
by:
(i)
an investment intermediary; or
(ii)
an Authorised Market Institution,
administering entitlements with the authority of the account holder or pursuant to the
Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution.
(2)
Except as otherwise provided by the Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution, a debit or
credit of investment entitlements to an investment account takes effect when it is made.
(3)
A debit or credit of an investment entitlement which is made conditionally under the terms of an
account agreement or the Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution or by operation of
law is effective against third parties when, and only when, the condition is satisfied.

## Page 13

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
11
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
(4)
An account agreement, the Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution or DIFC law may
provide that a debit or credit of an investment entitlement is liable to be reversed.
(5)
Notwithstanding Article 28(4), if:
(a)
an investment entitlement has been credited to an investment account of an account holder
in circumstances such that the credit is not effective or is liable to be reversed; and
(b)
before that credit has been reversed, the investments are credited to the account of a third
party under a further disposition,
the fact that the initial credit was made in circumstances such that it is not effective or is liable to
be reversed does not make the further credit ineffective against the person making the further
disposition, the relevant intermediary or third parties unless:
(i)
the further credit is made conditionally and the condition is not satisfied;
(ii)
the credit was made to a person having knowledge, at the time it was made, that
it is made as a result of the further disposition and that the further disposition is
made in the circumstances described. A person has knowledge for the purpose
of this Article 28 if he has actual knowledge or has knowledge of facts sufficient
to indicate that there is a significant risk and deliberately avoids making inquiries
that a reasonable person in his position would make that would establish the facts
of the case; or
(iii)
the further disposition is made by way of gift or otherwise gratuitously.
29.
Prohibition of higher-tier attachment
(1)
No attachment of or in respect of an investment entitlement of an account holder shall be granted
or made against the issuer of the relevant investment or any investment intermediary other than the
relevant intermediary.
(2)
In this Article, “attachment” means any judicial, administrative or other act or process for enforcing
or satisfying a judgement, award or other judicial, arbitral, administrative or other decision against
or in respect of the account holder or for freezing, restricting or impounding property of the account
holder in order to ensure the ability to satisfy or enforce any future such judgement, award or
decision.
30.
Duty of investment intermediary to hold and maintain sufficient investments
(1)
An investment intermediary may not:
(a)
make any credit of an investment to an investment account maintained by it; or
(b)
dispose of an investment held by it or credited to an investment account which it holds
with another investment intermediary
if upon that credit or disposition becoming effective there would not be sufficient investments of
the same description held by it or credited to investment accounts which it holds with another
investment intermediary.
(2)
If at any time sufficient investments of any description are not held by an investment intermediary
or credited to investment accounts maintained which it maintains with another investment
intermediary, it must take such action as is required to ensure that sufficient investments of that
description are so held or credited.
(3)
For purposes of this Article, “sufficient investments” of any description means investments of an
aggregate number or amount at least equal to the aggregate number or amount of investments of
that description credited to the investment accounts maintained by the investment intermediary.

## Page 14

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
12
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
(4)
Article 30(2) is without prejudice to:
(a)
any provision of DIFC law;
(b)
any provision of the Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution; or
(c)
subject to DIFC law, any account agreement relating to the allocation of the cost of
ensuring compliance with the requirements of that paragraph.
(5)
The fact that a credit or disposition is made in contravention of Article 30(1) does not render the
credit or disposition ineffective, but:
(a)
the investment intermediary must comply with Article 30(2); and
(b)
this paragraph does not affect any liability of the investment intermediary to compensate
an account holder for any loss arising from the contravention.
31.
Investments and certain money claims to be allocated to account holders and not part of investment
intermediary's insolvent estate
(1)
Investments held by an investment intermediary or credited to investment accounts held by an
investment intermediary with another investment intermediary shall be allocated to the rights of
account holders of that investment intermediary to the extent necessary to ensure that the aggregate
number or amount of the investments or claims of that description so allocated is equal to the
aggregate number or amount of such
(2)
investments or claims credited to investment accounts maintained by the investment intermediary.
(3)
Investments allocated under Article 31(1) shall not form part of the property of an investment
intermediary available for distribution among or realisation for the benefit of its creditors in the
event of an insolvency proceeding in respect of the investment intermediary or be otherwise subject
to claims of creditors of the investment intermediary.
(4)
The allocation required by Article 31(1) shall be effected by the arrangements of the investment
intermediary or, in the absence of such arrangements, by operation of DIFC law.
32.
Effect of insufficiency on account holders’ rights
(1)
If the aggregate number or amount of investments held by an investment intermediary or credited
to an investment account that it holds with another investment intermediary is less than the
aggregate number or amount of investments of that description credited to investment accounts,
then the shortfall:
(a)
where the investment intermediary is an Authorised Market Institution whose Business
Rules make provision for the allocation of the shortfall, shall be allocated in the manner
so provided by such Business Rules; and
(b)
subject to Article 32(1)(a), shall be allocated among the account holders to whose
investment accounts the assets or investments of the relevant description are credited, in
proportion to the respective numbers or amounts of assets or investments so credited.
(2)
In any allocation required under Article 32(1)(b) no account shall be taken of:
(a)
the origin of, or any past dealings in, any investments held by the investment intermediary
or credited to investment accounts held by the investment intermediary with another
investment intermediary; or
(b)
the order in which or time at which any investments are credited or debited to the
respective investment accounts of account holders.

## Page 15

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
13
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
33.
Right of transfer against an insolvent investment intermediary (revindication)
(1)
The rights of an account holder constituted by the credit to an investment account under Article 25
are effective against a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency proceedings in respect of the relevant
intermediary.
(2)
In the event of the insolvency of a relevant intermediary, the account holder may instruct the
transfer or registration of investments or investment entitlements or transfer of money claims to
which Article 32(1)(b) applies, and such an instruction shall be enforceable against a receiver or
liquidator.
34.
Insolvency of clearing and settlement intermediaries or Authorised Market Institutions
(1)
Any provision of the Business Rules of an Authorised Market Institution relating to the finality of
acquisitions or dispositions effected pursuant to such Business Rules:shall, to the extent of any
inconsistency with any other applicable law or regulation, prevail in respect of determining claims
to investment entitlements subject to the control of the Authorised Market Institution; and
(2)
shall have effect and prevail over any applicable law of insolvency notwithstanding the
commencement of an insolvency proceeding in respect of the Authorised Market Institution or any
party to a contract for the acquisition or disposal of an investment or investment entitlement to
which such Business Rules apply.
35.
Instructions
(1)
Subject to Article 35(2), an investment intermediary is neither bound nor entitled to give effect to
any instructions with respect to an investment entitlement of an account holder given by any person
other than that account holder or his agent.
(2)
Article 35(1) is subject to:
(a)
the provisions of the account agreement, any other agreement between the account holder
and the relevant intermediary, or any other agreement entered into by the relevant
intermediary with the consent of the account holder;
(b)
the rights of any person (including the investment intermediary) who holds a Security
Right that is effective against third parties;
(c)
any judgment, award, order or decision of a court, tribunal or other judicial or
administrative authority of competent jurisdiction;
(d)
any mandatory provision of law or any mandatory regulation; and
(e)
where the investment intermediary is an Authorised Market Institution, the Business
Rules of the Authorised Market Institution.
36.
Position of issuers of investments
(1)
Any law or regulation of the Companies Law, and any provision of the terms of issue of investments
constituted under the Companies Law, which would prevent the holding of investment entitlements
with an investment intermediary or the effective exercise by an account holder of rights in respect
of investment entitlements shall be modified to the extent required to make possible the holding of
such investments with an investment intermediary and the effective exercise of such rights.
(2)
Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, this Article 36 applies in particular to any provision:
(a)
which restricts the ability of a holder of investments to exercise voting or other rights in
different ways in respect of different parts of a holding of investments of the same
description;

## Page 16

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
14
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
(i)
which does not include adequate provision for making available to account
holders holding investment entitlements, or to investment intermediaries for
transmission to such account holders copies of notices, accounts, circulars and
other materials addressed by the issuer to holders of such investment
entitlements; and
(ii)
means of exercising the rights attached to the investments either in person or
through a proxy or other representative;
(b)
which prohibits or fails to recognise the holding of investments by a person acting in the
capacity of investment intermediary;
(c)
under which recognition of the holding of investments by an investment intermediary or
the exercise of rights by an account holder holding investment entitlements to such
investments is conditional on the maintenance of records in a particular medium;
(d)
which imposes restrictions on the holding of investments or the exercise of rights attached
to investments by reference to the identity, status, residence, nationality, domicile or other
characteristics or circumstances of any person acting in the capacity of investment
intermediary.
(3)
Subject to Article 36(1) and (2), nothing in this Article makes an issuer of investments bound by,
or compels such an issuer to recognise, a right or interest of any person in or in respect of such
investments if the issuer is not bound by or compelled to recognise that right or investments under
the law under which the investments are constituted and the terms of the investments.
37.
Set-off and netting
(1)
As between an account holder who holds investment entitlements for its own account and the issuer
of those investments, the fact that the account holder holds the investments with an investment
intermediary shall not of itself, in any insolvency proceeding in respect of the issuer, preclude the
existence or prevent the exercise of any rights of set-off which would have existed and been
exercisable if the account holder had held the investments otherwise than through an investment
intermediary.
(2)
Netting of entitlements and rights to investments or entitlements as provided in agreements between
parties or between investment intermediaries and account holders or in the Business Rules of an
Authorised Market Institution shall be enforceable.
(3)
Close-out netting as provided in termination provisions of agreements or the Business Rules of an
Authorised Market Institution shall be enforceable according to the terms of the agreement or
Business Rules applicable.
38.
Enforcement
Except as otherwise provided by law or regulation, an investment entitlement may be enforced only against
the relevant intermediary.

## Page 17

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
15
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
PART 8: REGULATIONS
39.
Regulations
The Board of Directors of the DIFC, either directly or through authority delegated to the DFSA, may make
Regulations clarifying, implementing, extending, waiving or modifying the application of the provisions of
this Law in relation to the holding of investments or interests or entitlements in investments.

## Page 18

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
16
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
SCHEDULE 1
1.
Rules of interpretation
(1)
In this Law, a reference to:
(a)
a statutory provision includes a reference to the statutory provision as amended or re-enacted from
time to time;
(b)
a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body unincorporate, including a company,
partnership, unincorporated association, government or state;
(c)
an obligation to publish or cause to be published a particular document shall, unless expressly
provided otherwise in this Law, include publishing or causing to be published in printed or
electronic form;
(d)
a day shall refer to a business day, being a calendar day, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and official
public holidays;
(e)
a calendar year shall mean a year of the Gregorian calendar;
(f)
the masculine gender includes the feminine;
(g)
“dollars” or “$” is a reference to United States Dollars unless the contrary intention appears; and
(h)
“good faith” within the meaning of this Law refers to an action or omission undertaken honestly,
whether it is done negligently or not.
(2)
The headings in the Law shall not affect its interpretation.
2.
References to legislation
References to legislation in the Law shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions:
(a)
Federal Law is law made by the federal government of the United Arab Emirates;
(b)
Dubai Law is law made by the Ruler, as applicable in the Emirate of Dubai;
(c)
DIFC Law is law made by the Ruler (including, by way of example, the Law), as applicable in the
DIFC; and
(d)
the Law is the Personal Property Law 2005 made by the Ruler.
3.
Defined terms
In the Law, unless the context indicates otherwise, the defined terms listed below shall have the
corresponding meanings:
Term
Definition
account holder
a person in whose name an investment intermediary maintains an investment
account, whether that person is acting for his own account or for others (including
in the capacity of investment intermediary).
action
includes counterclaim and set-off.
Authorised Market Institution a person who is licensed by the DFSA in relation to the carrying on of one or
more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1)(b) of the Regulatory
Law 2004, or a person who is licensed in another jurisdiction to carry on one or
more Financial Services.

## Page 19

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
17
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
Authorised person
an Authorised Market Institution, or a person who holds a licence to carry on one
or more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1)(a) of the
Regulatory Law 2004, or a person who holds a licence in another jurisdiction to
carry on one or more Financial Services.
bearer security
a security which by its terms is payable to the bearer of the security certificate,
and includes any certificate which has been generally endorsed.
Business Rules
rules of an Authorised Market Institution governing the conduct of its business
and which are in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the
conduct of its business.
certificated investment
an investment (other than a future or option) whose existence is embodied in a
physical certificate.
contract of sale
includes an agreement to sell as well as a sale.
control
has the meaning given to it in Article 20.
Court
the DIFC Court as established under Dubai Law.
delivery
voluntary transfer of possession from one person to another and includes any act
of separation by which property becomes unconditionally appropriated to a
contract, and in the context of a Digital Asset, means a change of control under
Article 10 of the Digital Assets Law.
DFSA
the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
DIFC
the Dubai International Financial Centre, established under Dubai Law
Digital Asset
has the meaning given in the Digital Assets Law
Digital Assets Law
means the Financial Collateral Digital Assets Law DIFC Law No. 2 of 2024
endorsement
a signature that alone or accompanied by other words is made on a security or on
a separate document for the purpose of assigning, transferring, or redeeming the
security or underlying property or granting a power to assign, transfer or redeem
the security or underlying property.
entitlement holder
has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004.
Financial Collateral
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
Financial Property
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
Financial Service
has the meaning given in the Rules made under Article 41 of the Regulatory Law
2004.
future
has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law
2004.
instruction
a notification which directs that the transfer of the investment be registered or that
the investment be redeemed.
investment
has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004
provided that:
(a)
Negotiable Instruments; and
(b)
commodities (and rights and interest in commodities)
traded on an Authorised Market Institution shall be investments for the purpose of
this Law.

## Page 20

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
18
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
investment account
an account created between a person and an investment intermediary for the
safekeeping of assets by way of custody, collateral or margin. An investment
account includes investments and investment entitlements, and cash provided as
margin in connection with the clearing and settlement operations of an Authorised
Market Institution.
investment entitlement
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
investment intermediary
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
Law
the Personal Property Law 2005.
Law of Security
the Law of Security DIFC Law No. 4 of 2024.
Liquidator
any person acting in a capacity as liquidator of a person, whether under the
Insolvency Law or otherwise.
Money
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
Negotiable Instrument
has the meaning given in the Law of Obligations DIFC Law No. 5 of 2005.
Negotiable Document
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
property
anything which is capable of being owned and transferred and as the context
requires denotes either the property itself or title to the property
purchaser
a person who has acquired or is in the process of acquiring title (whether
contingent or absolute) to any property other than as a recipient of a gratuitous or
other voluntary transfer.
real property
any right or interest in land.
receiver
any person acting in a capacity as receiver of a person, whether under the
Insolvency Law or otherwise.
registered form
as applied to a certificated security, means a form in which a transfer of the
security may be registered upon books maintained for that purpose by or on behalf
of the issuer.
Regulatory Law
the Regulatory Law 2004.
relevant intermediary
with respect to an account holder, an investment intermediary who maintains an
investment account for the account holder.
Ruler
the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai.
Rules
has the meaning given in Article 2 of Schedule 1 of the Regulatory Law 2004.
sale
includes an agreement as well as a sale and delivery.
Schedule
a schedule to the Law.
Secured Creditor
has the meaning set out in the Law of Security.
security
has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004.
Security Agreement
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
Security Right
has the meaning given in the Law of Security.
share
has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004
third party property interest
an interest in any property which could be asserted adversely to the interest of a
purchaser of that property; this includes both property rights in existence at the
time of purchase and property rights which may arise, by operation of law or
judicial decision.

## Page 21

PERSONAL PROPERTY LAW
19
CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIDENTIAL
transfer
in respect of property, a transfer of title to property.
transfer authority
has the meaning given to it in Article 19 and shall include the “right” to transfer
title.
transferee
in respect of property, a person who seeks to have title to property transferred to
himself, and includes a buyer.
transferor
in respect of property, a person who seeks to transfer title to that property to
another, whether or not he owns such property at the time of the transfer, and
includes a seller.
uncertificated investment
an investment that is not represented by a certificate.
